here are a few tips and tricks I use to
install keratin tipped hair via fusion
method normally how I go ahead and I
separate out the hair that I want to
apply the extension to is I've got one
line here that's parting the hair away
I'm going to take another line parallel
to that so this line should be kind of
straight parallel to the above one and
then I kind of decide where I want the
bond to be and I'll let down the sides
of it so I'll let down this side keeping
a little bit my hand I'm a let down this
side and then I'm left with a nice
square chunk here to apply the extension
- next I'm going to use a hair template
to isolate the hair that I will be
except applying the extension - you want
to make sure also that this is in the
downward position and that you're not
that it's not straight up like this or
you're going to get extensions that
stick out so put it in the downward
position I'm going to be using the
teased hair extensions in color number
five it's not her color but it's a
lighter color that will stand out on
camera so you can see normally what I do
is I like to kind of cut down just a
little bit of the bond not too much just
a little bit but do so at your own
discretion next I'm going to grab the
natural hair that I plan on applying it
to you hold the bond up to it in the
downward position still using my heat
wand I'm going to just let the tip kind
of melt gently until it's fully melted
using my fingers I'm going to kind of
push the hair all the way around her
natural hair and then roll it this is
going to give me a nice tight bond and
it's still in the downward position now
I'm going to show you another example of
how you might add highlights or if your
client has a mix of colors that they
don't carry in extensions and you want
to mix two colors without having it too
streaky
once again I did the parallel line and
then I dropped off some of the sides so
now I've got a nice square piece holding
it in the downward position clip this
into place
so I've got 14 B here and I've already
kind of cut a little bit of the top off
now I'm going to cut this in half so I'm
going to get two pieces of hair from it
and then we've got two and then I've
already got a pre-cut number five so I'm
going to put the 14 B and the number
five together so now I'm going to have a
bond with both colors we can line these
up just one right over the other and
install it the same way in the downward
position melting the bond and then
rolling it while it's still in the
downward position and I got a couple
little cobwebs just pull those right off
and there you go now you've got a piece
with some highlights in it and that's
how it's done